---
layout: post
title:  "Apache Web Server Configuration and Amazon EFS Files Service"
date:   2020-11-05 20:24:26 -0700
categories: AWS
---

<h1><b>Intro</b></h1>
On the amazon EFS file systems there will be EC2 instance which will be working an apache web server that serves files. It will be either an EC2 instance, or should have many EC2 instances serving files from the amazon EFS file system if the program needs it. 

On the amazon EFS file systems there will be EC2 instance which will be working an apache web server that serves files. It will be either an EC2 instance, or should have many EC2 instances serving files from the amazon EFS file system if the program needs it.

1. -	First of all, In the getting started exercise, the following steps are to have a working setup composed of the following: 
o	File system for amazon EFS. 
o	EC2 Instance. 
o	The file system installed on the example of EC2. 

   -  It is important to follow the instructions to get started with the amazon elastic file system for guidance. The steps are the following: 
o	The public DNS name of the EC2 instance. 
o	The mount target’s public DNS name was generated in the same availability zone where it began the EC2 case.


2. -	Second of all, to get started exercise, choosing to unmount the file system from the point to build, this is step is also optional. Then you built another mounting point for the file system in this step.

{% highlight ruby %}
$ sudo umount  ~/efs-mount-point
{% endhighlight %}












3. asfas













4. asff



{% highlight ruby %}
$ sudo apt-add-repository ppa:ansible/ansible
{% endhighlight %}